hey guys what is up tonight on 20 year
or lose bringing as another pack opening
video as you can see congratulations
Jason Spezza a milestone Spencer 93
overall for only six hours uh I got some
pucks together somehow and I'm gonna
open all the middle packs not wasting on
the featured packs because they suck and
sack and call you and can learn but yeah
I really open i pulled this Spezza only
six hours that's gonna be insane if
someone pulls him all you guys complain
about the contract so i'll i'll start
putting them in my pile but yeah i mean
thats about the card looks so sick it's
93 overall it looks like a great card so
i'll be pretty pumped if i pull it um
let's see if nasim Kadri can give me
anything good here um i'm hoping for a
start of the week too that'd be nice and
nothing we got a Hawks change team I
don't know if that goes for anything oh
yeah 1k I'll take that um send all these
to my train file but guys I should be
having a James with new ski star that we
give away uh probably sometime either
this week or next week I don't really
know what I'm planning it for but uh
should be pretty good now let's go into
another pack Steven Stamkos I wouldn't
mind getting him or that star the
weekdays I still want it so bad just
enroth ya nothin too good nothin is all
my trade pile of Jesus my trip I was
gonna get full
this ain't good um yeah the sudden all
my collection and we'll keep on moving
on I haven't really gotten good polls
lately I know I got um who would i get i
got drew doughty I thought that
Zetterberg I got on screams you guys saw
that but are not Zetterberg oh jeez
Kronwall i got a stream but uh the
market is so bad right now I didn't get
more than 150 k for them both it's rough
trade pile oh geez like a mess news but
I'm not gonna be able to stay determined
not to sneeze throughout this video ah
but yeah the market is really really
down right now and my Doughty only sold
for like a EK and micron will sold for
like 69 and that's pretty that's pretty
depressing to pull those good players
and not being able to get a their actual
value out of them but it's whatever it's
whatever and I'm getting to back off ha
these are rough um so that's my trade
pile and i'll send the rest of my
collection I think we have enough for
like three more packs I'll see what we
can do you oh I forgot the sender the
contracts in but i'm going to leave one
spot open just in case I get that one
good player I will keep on keep it on
and see if I can pull something decent
I'm open I'm open uh Dave Bolland Johnny
Oduya um no one worth too much good
players i guess but um just quick sell
the rest I mean I I don't think I've
gotten a good pole like I'm stream since
my bouwmeester side of the week or my uh
what star the week I just pull in um the
last video I already forgot uh Shawn
Thornton and Hackett bah hacky actually
sold if I sell them at the right time he
sells for some decent since he's uh the
backup goalie for the sabra is so if i
sell them at the right time oh i got i
swapped out of my
they're my consumables but um yeah I
don't know I haven't been getting like
if I pull anyone good i never get them
while I'm recording or if it is while
recording I'm recording for a pack a day
so I don't recover my voice so there's I
can never get like my real reaction but
um yeah I don't know I really want to
pull something good for you guys here
okay that's the last pack Claude Giroux
can you give me something good I'm
hoping I'm hoping Claud Claud Claud
Claud Claud no nothing good that was
that's rough what change is that L plus
nine shot and i'm gonna quick so all of
this stuff but i don't wanna swap that
but um guys if you did enjoy this video
let me know down below let me know some
of your poles also that you got from the
featured pack and uh yeah hope you guys
have a good day bye